-Come on!
-Ok, down!
-What do you think about food, then?
-I took a snack before we started.
Are you getting hungry again soon, right?
Should we eat together later?
I don't really know
exactly what the plan is.
If people want to eat dinner later,
so I'm going to do something now.
I need something a little bit like that.
Then we can eat something together later.
Frøya! What do you think about food,
really? Are you hungry?
Can't we argue a little first, then?
It's nothing special
to rape a stuffy stomach.
What is with me,
as you will notice in Rome,
- is that I am
one that takes the whole room.
A magnetic personality,
can you say, -
- which you notice has entered a room
long before one has seen him.
So much so? I have not
marked some of it so far.
Yes I am.
People just haven't figured it out
in their Stone Age village.
Norheim ...
Wonder if they miss us.
They just wanted to know how small I was
miss their culture of brutality.
I am looking forward to coming
to like-minded people on the continent.
Speaking of Rome, are we approaching?
We have been traveling for months.
So, a globe maker or cartman
might have answered that.
But we just have to move after the sun
which always shows its way south.
We have to trust it.
Fy Loke, this was delicious.
Simply a perfect day.
It's so easy not to stop by
that's good. Just chase on.
There's something to it
to be present in the present.
-What a place this is.
-Yes, we're just talking about it.
Should just knock us down, you know.
Lots of fertile soil, weak enemies.
That's what we should do.
Settled down and made a colony.
Look at this, then.
The gods are happy with us.
The third day in a row we find
a finished camp with a campfire.
There you see. Further down
on the continent everything is getting better.
Norway does not organize campfire sites.
They just stick
sticks in the wheels for most people.
Only I think
that it looks the same as we were yesterday?
It must be the same place.
I slept there.
Now you're making it difficult, Liv.
How different can resting places be?
Yes, resting place is resting place.
-Yeah?
-We've burned the village to the ground.
Or what was left of it, then.
They must have been robbed so many
sometimes they just sat there apathetic.
It certainly didn't matter
from or to be robbed.
-Here's the whole booty.
-Roots?
The turnips here
is actually quite good at taste.
This is so nitristine, Torstein.
Looting is just so passé.
We just have to think of something to steal,
so it seems we know what we're doing.
Bundle together what is of slaves.
Tonight we sail towards Norway.
I don't know ... Begins
to doubt the whole scheme here.
You? You will come
to become legendary.
The chief lady who left
on the coffin with two rivets.
It is in fact respect.
-I'm not the headwoman anymore.
-No one can just take away the title.
But as strong as women's
rights now stand in the Viking Age, -
- so can't just Arvid
get rid of you, like a habit.
I wanted legal expertise.
I think you have a very good case.
And you say that now?
There's water under the bridge now, like
I want to say, because we will be there soon.
(It crackles in a twig.)
What was that?
My intuition tells me
that there is nothing to care about ...
Sturla Bone crusher!
-Old companion!
- For a sick coincidence!
Old acquaintances who meet randomly
in a very unlikely place.
Sit down - before I do.
Take a small rodent.
It's delicious on a cruise, ass.
-But a little nice to come home too?
-I think it's best on a cruise, i.
Yes, maybe it is
a slightly messy situation at home.
That we both are girlfriends,
- and then I live with Hildur
who is pregnant and ...
Yes, it's a little messy.
If the child is mine,
I have to line up.
-If? It is, is it?
-I know, then, Loki. I've thought.
When I think about,
I don't think she came.
I came in buckets and buckets, I did.
I came right away.
Lots.
More than usual, in fact.
But I don't think she came.
Or reached the climax, or whatever
called. And then my child is not.
But it's not like that, lady
must come for it to become children of it?
Or yes - that sounds right
since I never had children with Orm.
What are you doing your days with, Sturla?
After the "mutiny" in Norheim?
I catch outlaws
and sell them to slaves.
Human trafficking?
Yes, some have to do it too.
We are on our way to Rome.
Away from the cold north.
-You haven't come very far.
-Yes.
Norheim is three day marches from here.
So no.
Three day marches? Have we used
two months on three day marches?
-Lord Odin. You two!
-U.S. two? Excuse me.
If we are to blame someone, we must blame
on the sun. That's the one we've been following.
-What are you three doing in the woods?
-Yes, that's a good question.
There were a number of unlucky ones
circumstances that led to ...
-Not, Orm.
-... we became nidings.
But that must be our little secret.
You have no legal protection?
You can do whatever you want with you?
In practice, it is highly unlikely.
-Okay, we're talking, guys.
- We talk.
-Don't let anyone steal your dreams.
-Roma is not a dream, but a reality.
Come on, we have to go
before he comes back.
You always think the worst.
The bone crusher has a heart of gold.
Not if you are called the Leg Crusher!
You see we have to get away from here?
We have to sleep.
It has been a very long day.
I get irritable if I don't get it
enough sleep. That's a warning.
How hard is that
to keep up the pace, then?
Several missing bones,
and he behind is blind.
This is embarrassing. We have to get rid of it
with them before we meet acquaintances.
Come on!
Aren't Jarl Varg's men?
-Thanks for last, I had almost said.
- They're here, too?
We have a sick change from the West
that we should get rid of.
We too.
Only from the East.
It's a shame there are limits
how much to bring.
We had to dump six slaves, we.
They weighed too much.
Too much tits and muscles!
Too much ballast, simply.
Fy Loke,
did you rob Helheim, did you?
They may look a little shabby,
but they are fine goods, these here.
-He who was fine?
-The body compensates, it.
If you are missing an arm, so be it
the other arm twice as strong.
It does not matter. I am pleased
with having slaves with flaws.
-It can quickly be torn about those there.
-Good for you.
Serves with a slightly different appeal.
A little more for fine checkers.
Not as "commercial" as yours.
They have inside
a broader group of buyers -
- but we hit the right buyer here,
we may have shot the gold bird, vi.
-Yes, we'll have to wait and see.
- We're talking ...
-Good bye.
- Come again - the last piece now.
Up on your leg!
Come on! Good.
-Jarl Varg.
-Arvid. And the hand thief.
You're having a bite to eat?
The hill does the dentures work?
Is there something wrong with them?
No, then. They are absolutely excellent.
Dominating within the field.
See you have a lot of grunts.
Been west?
Yes, just got back from the cruise.
Very eelreit.
Maybe it's time to give me the map,
as Olav promised me?
No. Sorry.
You know,
Violation can be punishable.
Varg, you sit there without hands and
threatening. Isn't it just a little strange?
After all, you are by definition
handicapped.
You can't fight wars,
you cannot calm down, you cannot sail.
Tell me, you master at all
a single hand-related thing?
-No.
-What do you do with that map then?
I get one like that
Beads-for-swine-sense.
But we talk.
Arvid!
We two, we meet again.
In other circumstances.
-Oh well. What are you thinking then?
- I can't explain that now.
But we two meet again
under other circumstances.
Yes, it will be nice to meet again
here under exactly the same circumstances.
-Just go, Arvid.
-I just say it.
Can't do it anymore.
So once again have
Tor and Odin shown -
- that they appreciate
on the work we do.
If they think it's wrong
to plunder and slaughter and injure, -
- we would not have stood here today
with such a big booty.
Then we say "on three", that's it
just to supply themselves. One two Three!
-So you're giving it all away?
-Yes, that was Hildur's idea.
A chieftain must buy loyalty.
That's how it works.
-Are you in the middle?
- It's going to be awesome.
I have to say that, Arvid.
This cap is absolutely gorgeous.
-Awesome loot.
-Thanks for that.
Sit down.
We need some food, maybe.
-You have to eat for two.
-No thanks.
-Doesn't this feel good?
-What?
It could have been a little more strained.
Not everyone copes
that the girlfriend lives with -
- one he has sprayed lots of seeds into.
But you do.
-And that is a huge respect.
- It does.
I get the room to be a first lady,
and you get to cultivate the relationship.
What we three have is so unique.
Right?
Håkon? Now you have to start
to communicate a little with your family.
You just sit and shine all day,
don't play with the kids -
- and haven't been to work since you guys
came from Norheim. Is there something crazy?
Kids, can you go out and play?
Then I'll talk to Dad.
Tell then.
Did something bad happen on that trip?
Well ...
That trip ...
After all, it just became
very ugly.
How?
Did you have to march with a gnaw?
-Was it knotty so you couldn't sleep?
-Not a lot of bumps.
No. What was it, then?
We came to Norheim when,
and the first thing we had to do,
- was to mutilate and kill
many of those who lived there. Yes.
So Varg wanted us to
violating one of the ladies.
Desecrate?
Like in the rape of the piss?
-Not rape?
-No no.
He wanted us to
raped with the piss.
I have to say it's shocking.
And then Varg of all?
He forced us
far outside the comfort zone.
But one should not
dread to go to work!
-No, you shouldn't.
And you should tell him that.
After all, it's about communication.
What's the worst that can happen?
Håkon, tell me, you've heard of
something called phantom pain?
No.
-Neither do I.
-No.
I just have a little thought
that I would like to share with you.
An input.
-Infected.
-Yes?
It's kind of like that part of it
the soldiers think things are going a little far.
That things are starting to get
just a little over.
It's okay for us to be
a little rough at the edges, -
- but there is something about the total.
The cruel leadership style
and the evil plans,
- which may have gone
a few knots too far.
The idea was whether we might
should have had a seminar -
- where we went through where we are,
where we are going and such.
Maybe even
a round of our values.
Yes?
So good. So good.
Most people choose young, beautiful slaves
when they will command someone to ...
... pull hand trolley.
-Okay?
-Not me. Classic mistake.
I go for experience.
Yes.
She has been rolling skin since
before the Fenris wolf was put into links.
Okay.
-Was it anything else?
-No, not really, so ...
Stop. Calm.
Well, it's not
Sturla bone crusher itself?
I found something in the woods
that I think you're interested in.
No but ...
Hey Hey.
Hi, Frøya, Arvid, Hildur ...
Liv, what happened to her?
No, don't know ...
Maybe taken by the wolf.
Wolf and menstruation -
bad combo.
In that case, it is deeply tragic, so
my thoughts go to those closest.
-That's you; you are her husband.
-Not any more. I am not.
But what should we do to you two?
Maybe just strike a line over everything and
start over again with blank runes?
No, it's not happening. You have
the whole village failed here, so - no.
It was probably done
some unfortunate things from both sides -
- but I bet
that everyone regrets equally.
Besides, it's not our fault. We must
blame the witches, the fate goddesses.
After all, everyone knows it's the witches
that spins the threads of life -
- so human life is predetermined.
That's why we did what we did.
Orm actually has a point here.
It is true ...
-Ragnar ...
-What? That's fate, after all.
It's predetermined, all in all.
That is not my strength with promises
and rules, and at least not nerds -
- so the legislature
might answer that?
Yes.
Not everyone will like what I have to say.
But the legislature's judgment must be respected.
There is no doubt that Orm
has the right of inheritance to the throne.
His father was chief,
his brother was chief.
-So Orm has the inheritance to the throne.
-Thank you very, very much.
I am very proud and humble
and can't wait to get started ...
But -
he has failed his people.
He has disqualified himself.
The right of inheritance must be set aside.
As long as I live, Orm should be
at the bottom of society as slaves.
Rufus, you came here like a slave.
You should continue to be.
-Out with them!
-No no. Listen to me!
I can do a hundred men's work
intellectually, but not physically!
I'm creative! And keivhendt!
I have thin wrists!